# Portugese-Bank-Tele-Marketing-Campaign
In this assignment, we chose “Portuguese Bank Marketing” Dataset that was retrieved from the UCI Machine Learning Repository. Here, we will perform Exploratory Data Analysis, Inferential Statistics, and Regularization Techniques on the bank dataset and build a machine learning models like Logistic Regression to know the relationship between the variables, Support Vector Machines, Cross Validation, and Decision Tree Classifiers in order to predict the terms of a Deposit Subscription by the clients in the bank. It will be a supervised ML model which will try to solve the classification problem like whether the client will subscribe the term deposit in a bank or not (a simple yes or no). Also, we will do some analysis on one-sample t-test, two-sample t-test, Paired t-test, the test of equal or given proportions, and F-tests. A one-sample t-test states whether an unidentified population means is dissimilar from a definite value. The two-sample t-test is also known as independent samples t-test to test whether the unknown population means of 2 groups are identical or not. Paired t-test also called the dependent sample t-test to discover whether the mean change between 2 sets is 0. They are validated two times, resulting for pairs of observations. The test of equal or given proportions will test whether or not a sample from a population represents the true proportion from the entire population. The last test, F-test signifies the linearity gives improved fit.
